

IMDB

The Full form of IMDB is Internet Movie Database. IMDb is an online database of information related to movies, actors, directors, 
televisions shows, biographies, reviews, video games, plot summaries, and related information. The information stored on IMDb 
comes from different sources such as film studios, filmmakers, and other official sources.
-------------------------------------------









https://www.kaggle.com/tmdb/tmdb-movie-metadata#
Kaggle link -|^

in this class we will be using the dataset from Kaggle
it contains the data for 5000 movies 

Refer Google Colab:
Login to kaggle 
Go to my accounts pages(Top right icon)
Go to API section -> Click on  create new API token 
Kaggle.json will get downloaded in your system 

● status - "Released" or "Rumored". 
● tagline - Movie's tagline. 
● title - Title of the movie. 
● vote_average - average ratings the movie received. 
● vote_count - the count of votes received.
Let’s understand the data. The first dataset contains the following features: 
● movie_id - A unique identifier for each movie.
 ● cast - The name of lead and supporting actors. 
 ● crew - The name of Director, Editor, Composer, Writer, etc.
The second dataset has the following features: 
● budget - The budget in which the movie was made. 
● genre - The genre of the movie, Action, Comedy, Thriller, etc. 
● homepage - A link to the homepage of the movie. 
● id - This is in fact the movie_id as in the first dataset. 
● keywords - The keywords or tags related to the movie. 
● original_language - The language in which the movie was made. 
● original_title - The title of the movie before translation or adaptation. 
● overview - A brief description of the movie. 
● popularity - A numeric quantity specifying the movie popularity. 
● production_companies - The production house of the movie. 
● production_countries - The country in which it was produced. 
● release_date - The date on which it was released. 
● revenue - The worldwide revenue generated by the movie. 
● runtime - The running time of the movie in minutes.
